# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
agno==1.6.3
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.16
    # via langchain-community
aiomysql==0.2.0
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.21.0
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
alembic==1.15.2
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
authlib==1.5.2
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
azure-ai-documentintelligence==1.0.2
    # via markitdown
azure-core==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-identity
azure-identity==1.23.0
    # via markitdown
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   markdownify
    #   markitdown
    #   unstructured
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
celery==5.5.1
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   markitdown
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   magika
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cobble==0.1.4
    # via mammoth
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pyjwt
    #   unstructured-client
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via youtube-transcript-api
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via agno
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
emoji==2.14.1
    # via unstructured
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via unstructured-client
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
fastapi-cli==0.0.7
    # via fastapi
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via agno
gmssl==3.2.2
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
greenlet==3.2.0
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   agno
    #   fastapi
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-ai-documentintelligence
jieba==0.42.1
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   torch
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kombu==5.5.2
    # via celery
langchain==0.3.23
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.21
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.52
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-huggingface==0.1.2
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
langchain-openai==0.3.13
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via
    #   python (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langgraph==0.3.30
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.24
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.61
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.3.2
    # via
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
magika==0.6.1
    # via markitdown
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
mammoth==1.9.1
    # via markitdown
markdown==3.8
    # via unstructured
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdownify==1.1.0
    # via markitdown
markitdown==0.1.1
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via unstructured-client
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   magika
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
    #   pgvector
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
olefile==0.47
    # via
    #   markitdown
    #   python-oxmsg
onnxruntime==1.21.0
    # via magika
openai==1.74.0
    # via langchain-openai
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via markitdown
orjson==3.10.16
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   onnxruntime
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   python (pyproject.toml)
    #   markitdown
pdfminer-six==20250506
    # via markitdown
pgvector==0.4.1
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   python-pptx
    #   sentence-transformers
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via onnxruntime
psutil==7.0.0
    # via unstructured
psycopg==3.2.9
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
psycopg-binary==3.2.9
    # via psycopg
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via psycopg
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.23.0
    # via gmssl
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   agno
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   sqlmodel
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via
    #   agno
    #   langchain-community
pydub==0.25.1
    # via markitdown
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   python (pyproject.toml)
    #   msal
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via
    #   python (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiomysql
pypdf==5.4.0
    # via unstructured-client
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via humanfriendly
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   agno
    #   magika
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   agno
    #   fastapi
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via markitdown
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   agno
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via unstructured
redis==5.2.1
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   markitdown
    #   msal
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   youtube-transcript-api
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   agno
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.14.1
    # via fastapi-cli
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via langchain-huggingface
setuptools==78.1.0
    # via torch
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   markdownify
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
speechrecognition==3.14.3
    # via markitdown
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   python (pyproject.toml)
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   sqlmodel
sqlmodel==0.0.24
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via agno
torch==2.6.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.51.3
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
typer==0.15.2
    # via
    #   agno
    #   fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   agno
    #   aiosqlite
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   python-pptx
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   speechrecognition
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
    #   psycopg
unstructured==0.17.2
    # via python (pyproject.toml)
unstructured-client==0.32.3
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.1
    # via
    #   python (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via unstructured
xlrd==2.0.2
    # via markitdown
xlsxwriter==3.2.5
    # via
    #   python (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-pptx
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.19.0
    # via aiohttp
youtube-transcript-api==1.0.3
    # via markitdown
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
